---
layout: post
title: "Notes"
published: false
---

* 27th April, 2015 at 7:30pm

** Location

 - *Hacklab*
  - 1266 Queen St W, Toronto, ON M6K 1L3
  - <https://goo.gl/maps/OKcij>

** Attendees

*** Present
- Christopher Browne
- Alex Volkov
- Myles Braithwaite
- Scott Sullivan
- Gordon Chillcott

*** Absent

- Bill Thanis
- Mike Kalles
- Ivan Avery Frey
- David Collier Brown
- Amos Weatherill

** Items

*** Upcoming Meetings
 - June :: Q&A
   - And have a GPG key signing
   - People liking tmux?  Anyone can compare it in detailed way with Screen?
 - July :: Need topic !!!

**** Ideas
 - Idea that came up: tmux versus screen
 - SystemD 
   - KWLUG had a talk not long ago, perhaps could draw someone in
   - Special Code of Conduct for such a talk
     - /No explaining from the crowd/
     - The speaker was there to explain
 - PyLadies :: Developers in newsrooms
 - CHIP guy on $9 computer
 - Municipal Data
 
*** Touch on where and when this meeting happens next

  Hacklab seems fine...  June 22nd
  Some parking at the back, behind a Hacklab member.
  
*** ICANN

 - No meeting this month
 - Some goings-on, GTALUG voted for some people
 - Timelines for things not too well defined
 - Current draft for names has public comment needed by May 28th
 - Proposal is a bit short on needful details

*** Attendance Maintenance

*** Infrastructure

**** How is testing the backups going.
- Some of the services are working
- More to do
- Alex hopes to have most of it ready next month
  
**** Getting evote installed
  [[https://github.com/mdipierro/evote][Evote]]
  Myles has looked at it, referenced from Mike Fletcher
  - Problem with it is that anyone that is authorized to use it can send out any vote
  - Myles would like to use this for official votes
  - Chris thinks we should use it for non-critical things (e.g. - dinner votes) first

*** Touch on where and when this meeting happens next

  Hacklab seems fine...  June 22nd
  Some parking at the back, behind a Hacklab member.

*** Linux in the Park 2015...
 - It's happening
 - Bunch of people interested in coming
 - Trello-based menu of preparations
 - At Dufferin Grove, July 25th

*** Code of Conduct
 - Mike has made some changes to the code
 - Myles encouraging him to commit them to main repo
 - Minor changes
   - Revised accessibility a bit
   - Better language on what is and is not allowed
   - Make it clearer that this is not about "zero tolerance"

** Action Items
  - TODO - Myles - contact David about timekeeping, is that better for June or July or what?  DCB had some contact at York on this$
  - TODO - Alex - Talk with Chris Tyler, Open Source Labs, hoping for August or so
  - TODO - Gord - start poking at a "Marketing Ourselves" talk
    - It'll be a wee while
    - People should pester Gord on this
  - TODO - Chris - pester William Murrithy about SAMBA talk
  - TODO - Myles - PyLadies on newsroom devs
  - TODO - Scott - Prep announcement for LITP
  - TODO - Chris - follow up on bylaw revisions
  - TODO - Chris - Check on preferred official address, Bill or Me
  - TODO - Alex - set up private Git repo for EtcKeeper
    - Ask various folk for ssh keys so that they can pull that data
      - Alex, Myles, Chris
