---
layout: post
title: "Notes"
published: true
---

* 22nd February, 2016 at 7:30pm

** Location

 - *Hacklab*
  - 1266 Queen St W, Toronto, ON M6K 1L3
  - <https://goo.gl/maps/OKcij>

** Attendees

*** Present

- Alex Volkov (board member)
- Myles Braithwaite  (board member)
- Gordon Chillcott
- Bill Thanis
- Stewart Russell (board member)
- Christopher Browne
- Hector Carvagill
- Mike Kallies
- Scott Sullivan (board member)
- David Collier Brown
- Amos Weatherill

*** Absent


** Items

*** Next board meeting

 - Presumably Hacklab?
   - Liking it here...
  
*** Upcoming Meetings
 - March - a couple 30 minute talks
   - SystemD by Bill
 - April - tentatively a graphics panel (Scott moderating Myles, Stewart, Trent)
   - And need to present LITP proposals for June
 - Materials for quick talks
   - PostIt notes
   - Sharpies
   - Random thingie (dice, ping pong balls)
   - Egg timer(s) or phone timer
   - Dice to select folk
 - Speaker coordination
   - should be about contacting speakers
   - directions
   - parking, dining, logistics
   - someone to contact regarding help
   - Addresses
     - email address speaker-coordinator@gtalug.org
     - email address speakers@gtalug.org
     - Currently forwarding to Myles

**** Ideas
 - Stewart on imaging/paperless using Linux
   - Consider this as either a "major" topic for around November
   - Alternatively as a backup topic
 - SystemD
 - CHIP guy on $9 computer
   - Myles has pursued this; might look to engage with Ryerson at some other time
 - Municipal Data
   - They're up to something new, and want to wait
 - Chris should prep a "new in Postgres" talk
 - Inkscape
 - Open Graphics panel
   - GiMP and Inkscape - Trent
   - SVG file manipulation - Myles
   - Inkscape patterns - Stewart

*** ICANN

    Gord presented notes... see [[../uploads/20160125.pdf][Jan 2016 ICANN report]]

    It is pretty incoherent just now

*** Engagement with Ryerson
*** Infrastructure
**** Backups
 - Survey engine uses MySQL, also GNU Social <https://github.com/gtalug/infrastructure/issues/41>
 - ought to have a backup of that
 - Alex would like to have a "deploy" user, good idea
 - Some discussion on requirements has taken place
 - Fewer backups taking place just now...
 - Myles looking at using Ansible to deploy things
**** MediaWiki
  - Anything to do about deployment?
  - Myles may have something already
**** TRAC
  - Myles has tooling to pull stuff out of TRAC if it ever comes up again
*** AGM Followup
  - Chair of Board :: Has been Mike Kalles
    - Deferred a fair bit...
  - Moved (Scott) that Myles be nominated
    - Passed unanimously
*** Mailing List Rules
  - Myles wrote up some rules surrounding job postings
    - Needs to be somewhat local
    - Needs to be somewhat germaine to Linux
    - Poster should be on the list
    - All this seems pretty agreeable
    - Myles plans to draft some additions to policy

*** Linux in the Park
  - Location - Dufferin Grove Park has been fine
  - June is the preliminary thought for timing
  - Saturday afternoon seems to work fine
  - No long weekends to steer clear of in June
  - Let's present the possible dates along with major regional events at the April meeting
  - Idea to hold it twice, with a somewhere else involved
** Action Items
