---
layout: post
title: "Notes"
published: false
---

* 27th February, 2017 at 7:30pm

** Location
  - Hacklab
  - 1266 Queen St W, Toronto, ON M6K 1L3
  - <https://goo.gl/maps/OKcij>
    
** Attendees
*** TBD
- Stewart Russell (board member)
- Mike Kallies
- William Park
- David Collier Brown
- Hector Carvagill
- Amos Weatherill
- Christopher Browne (board member)
- Myles Braithwaite (board member)
- Scott Sullivan (board member)
- Alex Volkov (board member)
- Gordon Chillcott
- Bill Thanis
*** Present
*** Absent
*** March Board Meeting
  - March 27th at HackLab, assuming availability?

** Upcoming Meetings
*** Q1 2017
**** February
  - Evan, hopefully...
**** March
  - Lightning talks
    - Suggested: LetsEncrypt?

*** Q2 2017
**** April
  - Stewart on Document Management
**** May
**** June     
*** Future / Slush List
  - Docker?
  - Hugh on LibreSwan or whatever...
  - IPv6 in your own network
  - Application areas
    - Ala Graphics panel, Vim, Coin
       
** Infrastucture
*** Linode migration
  - Somewhat good idea to shift to Digital Ocean, it being local and cheaper
  - Decision point: April
  - Overlap should take place May/June
  - Closing down linode in July...
*** Miscellaneous Infrastructure
 - Mail server
   - bunch of forwarding
   - Alex has been doing some coverage of this
   - Look for aliases file
 - Mailman setup
   - Mailing list admin 
 - Basic web site upkeep
   - ensure PHP apps are on latest versions
 - Ensure backups are running
 - Miscellaneous
   - Notifier process has gotten a bit tooooooo notifying
   - Script that sends emails for meetings
     - reads a template and sends it out
   - PiWiki to show popular web pages
   - DocuWiki for meeting collaboration
     - Primarily used for restaurant lists!
   - GNUSocial is deactivated as it wasn't being used
   - LetsEncrypt - certificate validation - used to have HTTPS
     - Needed to do a re-engage process every 3 months
     - But now it is automatically handled
     - Myles will be talking with Greg/Alex about handling this
   - Root email gets read
   - Server paid for annually
   - Someone should monitor LogWatch
     - Perhaps split some services off?
   - Admin of mailing list (bouncebacks, etc)
   - Most of this is documented, backed up

** Tasks to have done
 - Video project - contact Alex
 - Logo redesign - contact Stewart
 - General system administration - Greg
 - ICANN - Gord
 - Updating Content - Scott
 - Web site design refresh - Myles
 - Mailman 3 deployment - Alex
 - Are we the shape we wanna be? - Stewart
 - General PR - Myles
 - Nearby user groups in Southern Ontario - hi@gtalug.org

** Ryerson Issues
 - Apparently not on the schedule
   - Need to clarify this
 - Plan to contact [[https://cscu.scs.ryerson.ca/executive-2016-2017/][CS student executive at Student Union]]
 - Gord planning an email for our staff contact and an agenda
** ICANN

** Flock conference
  - Contacted somewhat repeatedly to help with Flock bid in Toronto or southern Ontario
  - KWLUG bumped the thought to us
  - It was last in Toronto it was FUDCON in 2006
  - Hugh and Scott both contacted Chris Tyler at York/Seneca, who has budget to spend on it
  - Chris Tyler recommends waiting until 2019
    - York is a giant construction area
    - Transit mess for now
  - Ryerson also was contacted somewhat

** Action Items
  - TODO :: Chris to ask Hugh about LibreSWAN or similar for early 2017, once his renovation distractions have diminished
  - TODO :: Scott - announce the various engagement notes
  - TODO :: Myles - Contact Marcel about late Q1 talk
    - Marcel lives outside Toronto, so better to avoid wintertime in favour of spring
  - TODO :: Schedule 
  - TODO :: Scott - remind Evan that our next meeting is Feb 14th
  - TODO :: Myles - Announce at Feb meeting Lightning talks in March, and try to encourage "fun" talks 
  - TODO :: Stewart - prepping started for April - Document Management
  - TODO :: At next meeting, socialize the items to encourage people to help with
  - TODO :: Myles - to see if Ryerson Student Union would be of interest
  - TODO :: Lightning talk on LetsEncrypt
  - TODO :: Chris to add calender "tickle" to ensure we pester people at the apropos time, namely to "tickle" Chris Tyler in October 2018
  - TODO :: Myles to look at pricing and usage of Meetup.com
  - TODO :: Myles - Investigate doing an enhanced form for speakers that helps describe things
    - Telling them about useful resources
    - Reference to Code of Conduct
    - How to contact us, how we should contact them
    - Recording requirements/signoff
    - Encourage them to send a nice blurb
