---
layout: post
title: "Notes"
published: false
---

* 24 July 2017 at 7:30pm

** Location

- HackLab.TO
  - 1266 Queen St. West Suite #6
  - <https://goo.gl/maps/OKcij>

** Attendees

- Present
  - Myles Braithwaite (board member)
  - Scott Sullivan (board member)
  - Stewart Russell (board member)
  - Gordon Chillcott
  - Christopher Browne (board member)

- Absent
  - Alex Volkov (board member)
  - Bill Thanis
  - David Collier Brown

** Topics

*** Meetup.com

- SR isn't in favour of doing meetup.com
    - good for managing the meeting
    - issues with admin spamming
    - good for SEO but way to much interest with little attendence
- consences is it's a good idea but not worth the money spent
- needs to be in the relm of regular activity

*** Upcoming Meetings
 - Next quarter is planned
 - Some meta discussions about video
   - Would be nice for it to be more publicized
*** Linux in the Park (22 July @ 2pm)
 - Aftermath
 - Location well liked
 - Decent turnout including some new people given cloudy weather
 - Should have publicized more heavily
 - Better BBQ was way better
 - Can have a wider diversity of Tasty Beverages in private space
*** Audience Interruptions at GTALUG
 - Surfeit of audience interruptions
 - Myles to do a "On Asking Questions" talk at next meeting
 - Planning to have 2 people monitoring for this

*** ICANN
 - Gord presented notes
 - Atlas 2 coming soon
 - WHOIS data undergoing active work, spurred by EU privacy legislation
 - At large review
 - NARALO - selecting a delegate for Abu Dabi meeting

*** New Graphics for Logo
 - Should be somewhat GTA-centric
 - Avoid things in other groups' designs
 - A custom penguin would be nice
 - Pixel Art is desirable
 - Nice to have it nice as roughly circular/square, at 5cm diameter
   - Circle or square, they're way cheaper
 - Limited color choices
   - Look to what Mozilla did with their logo contest
 - Pay rate of $300 for the design
 - Be It Resolved that we budget $300 for production of a logo
   - 3 in favor
   - 1 abstained with cause
 - Had previously thrown the matter out to the broader list looking for volunteers without result

** Action Items
 - LITP announcement
 - Arrange a cheque for Alex - Scott will introduce Chris to Alex Hess
 - Chris to put together the membership form baggie for August meeting
 - Scott to poke at Graphix work with Trent, aiming at end of August availability
 - Start process of determining who's up to what vis-a-vis Myles' activity list
   - System management
   - Mailing list management
   - Speaker management
   - Web site updates
 - Myles to switch web site to Jekyll
 - Everyone try to install Jekyll
