---
layout: post
title: "Notes"
published: true
---

* 15 October 2018 at 7:30pm

** Location

- Hacklab

** Attendees
- TBD
    - David Collier Brown

- Present
    - Bill Thanis
    - Gordon Chillcott (board member)
    - Scott Sullivan (board member)
    - Myles Braithwaite
    - Alex Volkov (board member)
    - Evan Liebovich (board member)
    - Christopher Browne (board member)
- Absent

** Topics
*** Next Ops Meeting

  - Hacklab?
    - The natural November date would be November 19th
    - The natural December date would be December 17th
      - Note also that in past, December date has normally conflicted
        with Christmas, hence has almost always gotten cancelled

*** Upcoming Meetings

**** November
  - Paul Mullins on *COIN / Blockchain

**** December
  - Aren Dijay
  - Topic is Virtual Data Optimizer, new in RedHat/CentOS 7.5

**** January
  - Lightning talks with a "what up with various distributions" flair?

**** Generic Topics
  - Want a talk on Laptop support
    - Lennart would be a fine candidate to try to draw on
  - Linux Distros, where are things today?
  - Why Linux is Like Pizza, by Evan...
  - Chris on PostgreSQL

*** ICANN material from Gord
  - Atlas III
    - Planning committee formed, started
    - Budget constraints, so smaller than often in past
    - Only 50 at-large structures invited, smaller meetings
  - Consolidated Policy Working Group
    - Copies of docs sent to Scott, Bill, Greg
    - Note drafted for WG presenting opinions, concerns
  - WHOIS NG - EPDP
    - In forum separate from CPWG, proceeding
    - Presentation at ICANN Barcelona end of October
    - SOme plans to call in external legal counsel as with IANA transition
  - DNSSEC KSK Rollover
    - upcoming soon if not already
  - gTLDs - next round
    - large comment document submitted
  - NARALO
    - Lot of ATLAS III discussion
    - ALS asked to list org expertise types
      - result was list of skills of ALS reps
      - what they want is something covering memberships of groups
      - GDPR possibly complicates collecting this data...
*** AGM Aftermath
**** Those Ending Terms
 - Alex Volkov, renewed
 - Chris Browne, renewed
 - Bill will be the Returning Officer, as we gratefully thank him for doing many times

**** Reports
 - Other reports (Systems, ICANN) to do in later months

*** FSOSS
  - Advertising efforts ongoing...

*** Advertising
  - Physical Posters, on ryerson campus?
  - We are an official organization as far as Ryerson is concerned
  - Check with Ryerson LUG to see if their channels are of use
  - See if there is anything we may do to help

*** Social Media Presence
  - YouTube
    - Should we turn on comments?
    - No.  Myles has seen Python related things become cesspools
    - Trying it...  How did it turn out?

*** YouTube thumbnail template
  - Your custom thumbnail image should be as large as possible, as the image will also be used as the preview image in the embedded player. We recommend your custom thumbnails:
  - Have a resolution of 1280x720 (with minimum width of 640 pixels).
  - Be uploaded in image formats such as .JPG, .GIF, .BMP, or .PNG. 
  - Remain under the 2MB limit. 
  - Try to use a 16:9 aspect ratio as it's the most used in YouTube players and previews.

*** DNSSEC
 - enabled for gtalug.info
 - should we enable for gtalug.org?
 - management considerations
*** Write next month's agenda
 - Timing/Location of next Ops meeting
 - Upcoming Meetings
 - ICANN material from Gord
 - Write next month's agenda.

*** ToDo items
  - TODO Alex :: Upgrade penguin to next Debian version so we can have Ruby 2.5 and such
  - TODO Scott :: Send out publicity for FSOSS call for speakers encouraging our involvement
    - Evan has a contact for this, Catherine Leung
  - TODO Myles :: Thumbnail for YouTube for Alex
  - TODO Scott :: What to do about Google Adwords
  - TODO Alex :: Drop G+ reference on GTALUG front page
