---
layout: post
title: "Agenda"
published: true
---

* 17 September 2018 at 7:30pm

** Location

- Hacklab

** Agenda Topics
 - Timing/Location of next Ops meeting
 - Upcoming Meetings
 - AGM Preparations
 - ICANN material from Gord
 - FSOSS
 - Advertising
 - Replacing Facebook brand account with facebook community page.
 - Should we enable comments on youtube?
 - Youtube thumbnail template -- our logo and space for typing
 - DNSSEC - should we enable it for gtalug.org?

 - Write next month's agenda.
   
** TODO from last month
  - TODO Evan :: Marcel talk
  - TODO Alex :: Mark github repos as "archive"
    - Confirm that attempts to commit data get bounced/rebuffed/refused
  - TODO Scott :: Set up gitlab runner for board web site
  - TODO Scott :: Send out publicity for FSOSS call for speakers encouraging our involvement
  - TODO Scott :: Formalize a proposal for communications budget and materials for FSOSS
    - StickerMule
  - TODO Myles :: Please forward admin info for our LinkedIn presence
