---
layout: post
title: "Notes"
published: true
---

* 16 July 2018 at 7:30pm

** Location

- Hacklab
  
** Attendees
- TBD
  - Bill Thanis
  - David Collier Brown

- Present
  - Myles Braithwaite
  - Scott Sullivan (board member)
  - Christopher Browne (board member)
  - Gordon Chillcott (board member)
  - Evan Liebovich (board member)
  - Alex Volkov (board member)

- Absent

** Topics
*** Next Ops Meeting

  - Hacklab?
    - The natural August date would be August 20th
    - The natural September date would be September 17th

*** Upcoming Meetings
  
**** July
  - Date is July 10th
  - Don Tai confirm on Internet bots/hacking tools

**** August
  - Date is August 14th
  - Perhaps Marcel Gagne
  - Perhaps Q&A

**** September
  - September 11th
  - Perhaps Eric on Maker space things
  - Scott Following up with Paul Mullins on *COIN / Blockchain
  - Hoping Chris Tyler
  - Perhaps Mike Hoye

**** October
  - AGM

*** ICANN material from Gord
  - ATLAS III planning continues
    - despite lack of budget/announcement
  - WHOIS policy development
    - Unified Access Model has been published for comment
    - Temporary spec live til next May 25
    - Expedited Policy Review process under way (4 mos)
    - Concerns include:
      - membership criteria
      - team leadership
      - scope
      - decisions and meeting management concerns
  - DNSSEC KSK rollover
    - Tooling available to test ISPs for compliance
    - Concern about whether outreach has made it out
  - NARALO
    - Vote of ALAC puts Maureen Hilyard as new chair replacing Alan Greenberg
    - Some CROP statements, NARALO seeks clarity
    - Perhaps cannot fund trips to groups with MOU (e.g. - ARIN)
  - Plenary on ICANN accountability
    - Final session; need to implement recommendations
  - Other from ICANN 62
    - Discussions on another GTLD round
    - ICANN Board committed to such
    - TLDs for non-capital cities
      - There are a bunch of Hamiltons!

*** Transfer Penguin Linode to GTALUG
  - About now???

*** Linux In The Park 
  - Logistics
    - Ensure there's BBQ and gas

*** Meeting Conduct
  - Better moderation of questions
  - We have been having too much interruption of speakers by the crowd talking to themselves

*** Github migration to Gitlab
  - There is already a GTALUG group on GitLab
  - Permissions granted to Alex and Scott
  - Ready to proceed
  - Merits include
    - Simpler CI pipeline for generating website
    - Nothing to do with MSFT concerns :-)
  - Plan to shift things over...
    - All about Alex wanting to automate things he wants to automate
    - Will have a .gitlab file that is self-backed-up

*** Write next month's agenda
 - Timing/Location of next Ops meeting
 - Upcoming Meetings
 - ICANN material from Gord
 - Write next month's agenda.

 - TODO - Gord :: please publicize the DNSSEC testing tool to our membership
 - TODO - Evan :: Check with Marcel on August meeting
 - TODO - Chris :: Set up Gitlab account, pass info to Alex
