---
layout: post
title: "Notes"
published: true
---

* 16 July 2018 at 7:30pm

** Location

- Hacklab

** Attendees
- TBD
  - Bill Thanis
  - David Collier Brown

- Present
    - Ivan Avery
    - Gordon Chillcott (board member)
    - Scott Sullivan (board member)
    - Myles Braithwaite
    - Alex Volkov (board member)
    - Evan Liebovich (board member)
    - Christopher Browne (board member)
- Absent

** Topics
*** Next Ops Meeting

  - Hacklab?
    - The natural September date would be September 17th
    - The natural October date would be October 15th
    - Both booked on Hacklab calendar

*** Upcoming Meetings

**** August
  - Date is August 14th
  - Eric on Maker Festivals

**** September
  - September 11th
  - Marcel Gagne being pinged
  - Alternative: Round Table Q&A, for which we are a bit overdue

**** October
  - AGM
  - Perhaps Mike Hoye

**** November
  - Scott Following up with Paul Mullins on *COIN / Blockchain

**** December
  - Hoping Chris Tyler

**** Generic Topics
  - Want a talk on Laptop support
    - Lennart would be a fine candidate to try to draw on
  - Linux Distros, where are things today?
  - Why Linux is Like Pizza, by Evan...
  - Chris on PostgreSQL

*** ICANN material from Gord
  - Atlas III
    - No progress
  - Consolidated Policy Working Group
    - Looking for pen-holders for at-large policy statements
    - New GTLDs, WHOIS/RDS EPDP
    - Likely to be some more comments
  - Discussions on next round of GTLDs
    - Gord had some comments
  - DNSSEC KSK Rollover deferral
    - no change
  - NARALO
    - some reviews of plans from ICANN Board
    - Some efforts to reach out to individual members (e.g. - GTALUG)

*** Transfer Penguin Linode to GTALUG
  - Done
  - Does Alex have access to the account yet?  Bits outstanding last month

*** Github migration to Gitlab
  - Largely done?
  - What is left?
  - Where do we edit things?  How do we make sure we get it right?

  - Let us now treat GitHub as "legacy"
    - Put something on Home pages of each repo to indicate that
    - Also, mark the repositories as "archive"
  - What runners have we got?
    - One for web site repo
    - Mr Meesses to generate email notices

*** FSOSS
  - Do we want to make a presence there?
  - Ask if folks are interested in going as GTALUG branded speakers?
     (Slide Decks, T-Shirts, cards?)

*** Advertising
  - Physical Posters, on ryerson campus?

*** Social Media Presence
*** Write next month's agenda
 - Timing/Location of next Ops meeting
 - Upcoming Meetings
 - ICANN material from Gord
 - Write next month's agenda.

*** ToDo items
  - TODO Evan :: Marcel talk
  - TODO Alex :: Mark github repos as "archive"
    - Confirm that attempts to commit data get bounced/rebuffed/refused
