---
layout: post
title: "Notes"
published: true
---

* 16 April 2018 at 7:30pm

** Location

- Hacklab
  
** Attendees
- TBD
  - Bill Thanis
  - David Collier Brown

- Present
  - Scott Sullivan (board member)
  - Christopher Browne (board member)
  - Alex Volkov (board member)
  - Gordon Chillcott (board member)
  - Myles Braithwaite
  - Evan Liebovich (board member)

- Absent

** Topics
*** Next Ops Meeting

  - Hacklab?
    - The natural May date would be May 14th, agreed
    - The natural June date would be June 18th
    - May 13th at 7:30 via Zoom as a demo attempt that we'll try to do
      - In meeting POC seems to function
      - Recommend using headphones with a mike so sound doesn't suck
    - Note that a clause of our Bylaws actually permits electronically based meetings (Section 1.5, bullet point 21)
    - The natural June date would be June 18th
      
*** Upcoming Meetings
  - Scott had a lead on a speaker (Gary) on a malware topic, he was interested in presenting to us      
  - Marcel Gagne is now with LPI, Evan is soliciting him to come for a talk
  - Alex is checking with Chris Tyler on FSOSS material
  - Myles and Scott suggest pulling Eric in to discuss Maker Fair matters
  - Myles and Evan on Cloudy Systems With a Chance of Open Source
  - Chris on recent PostgreSQL versions and such, also Myles on why migrating away from MySQL drove him bald
  
**** May
  - Date is May 8th
  - Gary on writing malware, he was interested in presenting to us      

**** June
  - Date is June 12th

**** July
  - Date is July 10th

*** ICANN material from Gord
 - Atlas III - no progress, perhaps NARALO general assembly may occur instead
 - WHOIS
   - PDP working group suspended
   - Awaiting Board guidance on GDPR
   - Efforts probably a result of DPA review of last month
 - DNSSEC KSK rollover to be Oct 11, 2018, no new news
 - Tech taskforce
   - nothing new
 - NARALO
   - nothing new
 - ICANN Meetings generally
   - Nothing using Adobe Connect anymore
   - Conferencing via Webex
   - Some discussion on lists of Zoom as alternative

*** Video matters
 - Need intro screen so that we have a "punchy" beginning
   - Intro slide needing artwork
     - a slide template
     - Myles has volunteered due to past experience
 - Need an "Intro to GTALUG" video, nice to have as a revision to the ICANN video
 - Suggested that we publish a PDF file of the release form for speakers on our web site

*** Transfer Penguin Linode to GTALUG
 - Shared passwords on KeyBase
   - [[http://keybase.io][KeyBase]]
   - People seem set up
   - Need some determination of where shared secrets go

*** Free VPS?
 - ThisHosting.rocks
 - Who are they?
 - Details
   - Offering first 6 months free
   - Likely extension
   - Would expect acknowledgement
 - Faintly looks like they may be sketchy
 - Conclusion is that nobody is filled with confidence in the endeavour
 - It would require effort to design an infrastructure safe to drop into here
 - Thus, nope.
 
*** Myles Talk
 - Someone was interested in hearing about how Code of Conduct emerged
 
*** Write next month's agenda
 - Location


** TODO
 - Chris TODO :: Write the agenda and push to GitHub so Mr. Meeseeks can send emails and Myles can stop receiving cron messages.
 - Myles TODO :: Precis on May 9 meeting
 - Evan TODO :: Precis on May 9 meeting
 - Alex TODO :: PDF for release form as part of speaker material
 - All but Myles TODO :: Look at files on Keybase to verify that multiple people have access to authenticationy bits 


