---
layout: post
title: "Notes"
published: false
---

* 14 January 2019 at 7:30pm

** Location

- Zoom

** Attendees
- TBD
- Present
    - Scott Sullivan (board member)
    - Alex Volkov (board member)
    - Christopher Browne (board member)
    - Gordon Chillcott (board member)
    - Evan Liebovich (board member)
    - Bill Thanis
- Absent
    - David Collier Brown
    - Myles Braithwaite
  
** Topics
*** Next Ops Meeting
  - Hacklab continues to be unavailable
  - Let's Zoom for now...
    - Natural February date is February 18th, which is Family Day and Louis Riel Day, so perhaps not...
    - Following meeting is Feb 25th, let's propose to Zoom on Feb 25th

*** Upcoming Meetings

**** February
  - Chris Tyler on TBD
    - Confirmed, topic to arrive

**** March
  - Python theme evening?
    - Myles may have a candidate for some Pythonesque material, TBD come January
    - Plenty of time

**** April
  - See if Lennart and/or Hugh could have hardware war stories

**** May
  - Q&A?
  - Stewart Russell on his new community org

**** Generic Topics
  - Want a talk on Laptop support
    - Lennart would be a fine candidate to try to draw on
  - Database Panel - state of OSS databases
    - Peter on MySQL, MariaDB
    - Chris on PG

*** ICANN material from Gord
  - Atlas III
    - Now have dates for ICANN 66, Nov 2-7
    - ATLAS III will be "assembly of future leaders of at large"
    - Inviting 60 At Large members plus regular At Large leadership
    - Some process for setting program and selecting the 60
  - Consolidated Policy Working Group
    - WHOIS Policy Development getting near deadline
    - Face to face meeting to try to resolve issues
    - GTLD next round
      - At Large comments submitted, more questions expected
      - Proposal received on schedule/process for the round
        - Priority on "community" TLD applications, then geographic, then others
    - Geographic name TLDs
      - Ongoing discussions
      - Issues on what kinds of geographical features should be protected
      - Non-capital cities is one
      - Deep and detailed discussion
  - NARALO
    - Progress reports on various areas
    - Kobe ICANN will concentrate on policy issues
  - Technology Task force
    - Looking at Zoom for smaller meetings, perhaps webcasting
    - Adobe Connect still interesting as it offers transcription, captioning, multi-channel audio
*** Video Release Form
  - Some revisions to the form
  - Some discussion concerning inclusion of signature; decision to keep it
  - Some griping about asking too much information
  
*** Meetup.com
 - Followup needful; we approved $60 USD for budget to Alex
*** Write next month's agenda
 - Timing/Location of next Ops meeting
 - Upcoming Meetings
 - ICANN material from Gord
 - Write next month's agenda.

*** ToDo items
  - Alex to talk with Miles about March Python theme
  - Scott to hear back soon from Chris Tyler on February talk
  - Alex to continue pestering Hugh on hardware war stories
  - Alex to contact Stewart Russell to see if he has anything with his new place
  - Alex to set up meetup.com account
