= Executive Meeting - 2007-09-24 =

{{{
#!mediawiki
== Old Business ==
* See [[Executive:2007-08-27]]
* Plonk funds - shift to October...

* Software Freedom Day: Aftermath (empty of sound or fury...)

== Ongoing Business ==

=== Ontario LinuxFest ===

* Who's responsible???
* [[OntarioLinuxFest]]
* We clearly won't be putting up the hi-tech [[BoothEngineering|booth]]; should update plans with the PVC plumbing information for future work
* What ''do'' we need for OLF?
** Tables - Drew to bring this - 8x3
** Drapery - Drew has this
** Posters?  Gord to get an easel + bristol-board
** Buttons - Drew to bring remainders of buttons, box of paperwork
** Handouts?
*** Chris found biz card stock at $6/250 that can be run thru laserprinter and will build something

* CLUE wants GTALUG to participate in the "Bearpit Session" (on advocacy)

=== IT360 ===

* Will be happening in 2007
* More happening...

=== Wiki ===
* MediaWiki upgrade plans?
** Last month, Drew was hoping "soon now."
** Not much visible; Drew has been setting up a Fedora Core 5 system (needful for PHP v5) and a MySQL cluster
* Gradual plan to document board activities, publicizing once documenting it has become a "good habit"
** We're up to 2 months of documentation in a row; once we hit six months, it's fair to declare "openness." 
* We've got a copy of bylaws + constitution online - need to verify that it's legit before putting it on the wiki (and probably locking it down!)
** Thanks to Bill for providing the electronic copy
** After examination, the copy is clearly very out of date
** Chris has borrowed the Official Copy; will upload PDFs of the relevant material
*** [[Image:GTALUG Bylaw.pdf|GTALUG Bylaws - first edition]]
* FYI, Chris updated [[Membership]] and created [[Formal GTALUG membership]] on the wiki

=== October: Elections ===

* Returning officer: Bill Thanis
* Nominations
** People in / away
** Need to publicize requirements (e.g. - Canadian resident who has not declared bankruptcy)
** Bill will be handling a submission process for would-be nominees (action item - Bill Thanis)
*** This should address the matter of handling having nominees that may be unable to be physically at the October AGM.
** Members who joined at IT360 - still to be treated as members at election time
* Should open issue as to when the executive meeting should be held
* David Patrick should send Board a list of possible Board candidates
* Bill should send Herb Richter an email enquiring of his interest in Board / Executive

=== Financial Report Runthru ===

* Chris has drafty statements
* Will send on to Bill Thanis

=== Membership Cards ===
Chris was to bring the box of membership cards - forgot them.  Oops.

Chris will drop the box off @ Drew's.

=== Talk Coordinator ===
* Robert Brockway has asked to step down
* Drew Sullivan needs to send him a note to thank him for his assistance
* [[Amos_H._Weatherill]] proposed as candidate
* Make new list: tlug-talk, with Amos as main poster, place to coordinate talk contacts
* Amos should contact Robert to see if there's a "pipeline" left...


[[Category:Executive Meetings]]
}}}