= Executive Meeting - 2008-01-28 =

{{{
#!mediawiki
== Old Business ==
* Key signing
* Pan user group
** Timing is getting close for a March date
** There may be opportunity at IT360; Evan might be able to set up room
** May be even better to try to target OLS (Ottawa Linux Symposium) - July 23-26
* Wiki pester

== New Business ==

=== Finances ===
* Chris needs to get new cheques...

=== IT360 ===

* Contract in; Gordon continues to find the contract amusing
* For a change, they aren't asking for "illegal things;" the publicity requirements are fine...
* [[BoothEngineering]] ongoes
* Planned topic: Virtualization - Joe speaking
* BOF meeting
** Usual Linux comparison - not liked
** Document Management with OpenOffice.org - needs some presentation of differences between it and MSOffice
*** Futureproofing / archiving and document management
*** Roundtable
*** Evan
*** Gordon
*** Colin has a contact at U(T) library
*** Solicit panel on the TLUG list

[[Category:Executive Meetings]]
}}}