= Executive Meeting - 2008-08-18 =
{{{
#!mediawiki
== Old Business ==

* Delegation of gtalug.org
** Drew to bug Leah
** Bill Thanis to bug her
** Bringing a laptop to make sure this will happen

== Regular Business ==
* New GTALUG server status?
* Speakers for the next few months?
** September - Miles - Web Frameworks
** October - General Meeting<BR> Need a further topic for the "stub meeting."
*** Possibly Richard W on OpenStreetMap
*** Possibly a SEO talk
** November - TBA
* Projector
** Amos needs to, on a monthly basis, pester people on the Projector List
*** Primary: Ping David Patrick on Sunday, Bill/Gord to pick it up
*** Amos pings his work
*** Chris as a secondary backup

== New Business ==

* Any result on Gord's talk with Rebel folk?<BR> Nothing yet; continuing to follow up...
* Publicity for LITP
** Gord will ask Colin on TLUG list if they're going
** Gord will ask David what publicity he wants
* OLF - October 25th - see discussion from last meeting
** Purpose: Soliciting members
* Preparations for fall elections
** Nominating Officer: Colin McGregor
** Board Positions rotating
*** David Patrick
*** David Collier Brown
* Budget + Fundraising
** All: For next meeting: Need to have a catchy list of valuable things to encourage people to pay for membership
** Drew: Make sure to bring membership forms + cards + stamp to September meeting
** Chris: For next Board meeting: chequebook (plonk!)

[[Category:Executive Meetings]]
}}}