= Executive Meeting - 2009-05-25 =

{{{
#!mediawiki
== Regular Business ==

* Delegation of gtalug.org
** Chris has it redelegated; we still need another nameserver!
** To Do: Drew has set up dns.gtalug.org, and ns.gtalug.org
** It's done now!  (2009-05-26)
* New GTALUG server status
** Upgrade to new version of Mediawiki apparently works
** Miles to update the GTALUG template for the new version; need to update the template first
** Apparently the MySQL DB is getting regularly corrupted; it is speculated that dumping the DB and loading it onto "gold" machine is likely to resolve this...
** Next tale: To Migrate to MailMan as mailing list manager...  Should think about this once the wiki's dealt with.
*** Need to have an archiving answer
*** Need automating of managing addresses
** Would really like to have the front page be ''much'' more dynamic, removing the ancient history from it
*** Discuss what ought to be done about improving richness of web pages
*** Need to reorganize the front page
* Drew recommends...  Bob Niven has a content management system supporting payment via PayPal.  We should arrange to have a copy of this system installed so that we may automate receipt of funds.
** Requires setting up vendor account with PayPal and connecting this to the bank account
** Targeting end of summer
** Followup:  Need to consider what we wish to do with this.
*** Buttons, shirts, ???
** Defer further on CMS to June

=== TLUG Meeting Matters ===

* Speakers for the next few months?
** GIMP this month
** Announcement needs to start going out on 05-26
** Not clear what's up past May, but it appears that we have talks for a few months to come, so this seems under control
* Projector
** Chris bringing projector

== Old Business ==

* Gord volunteered to be liaison re OLF
** Neat idea: doing a "Linux 101" talk - need speaker for this, perhaps Marcel, Evan...
** Gord got around to contacting "101" speakers
** Richard seems difficult to contact...

== New Business ==

* ICANN Membership
** Got the membership information - to fill in
** If Gord doesn't see any objections, he'll send out what he has by end of month
** ISOC would be neat too, but no rush...
** Plan for a presentation to GTALUG at the October meeting.
* NewTLUG
** More on status???
** Nothing this month, but hopefully next month
* Linux and Education
** Meeting last week @ LinuxCaffe
** Plans to put on a course
* Heckling issue
** Definition?
** Enforcers?
** Board discussion tends to agree that this isn't a huge problem, and further, that the activity seen is not very frequently actually of a "heckling" nature.
** The good speakers tend to be able to cope well, and the kibbitzing has been recognized as even being valuable by some speakers
** It is considered to be up to speakers to choose their favoured rules of engagement.
** We need to make sure speakers are aware that:
*** Meetings are interactive
*** They can pick their rules
** We should have a web page declaring the rules of engagement, with phrasing such as... <BR> GTALUG membership are not interested in marketing presentations, and reserve the right to interact with speakers. 
** Regrettably, we have some that get overenthusiastic about hearing themselves talk.  They need to be smacked :-)
* Wiki Spammers
** Needs the wiki upgrade
* Need a review of the GTALUG Board list
** There are a bit too many people on the list
}}}