= Executive Meeting - 2009-04-27 =

{{{
#!mediawiki
== Regular Business ==

* Delegation of gtalug.org
** Chris has it redelegated; we still need another nameserver!
** To Do: Drew to set up dns.gtalug.org, and give Chris an IP address for it...
* New GTALUG server status
** Upgrade to new version of Mediawiki apparently works
** Miles to update the GTALUG template for the new version; need to update the template first
** Apparently the MySQL DB is getting regularly corrupted; it is speculated that dumping the DB and loading it onto "gold" machine is likely to resolve this...
** Next tale: To Migrate to MailMan as mailing list manager...  Should think about this once the wiki's dealt with.
*** Need to have an archiving answer
*** Need automating of managing addresses
** Would really like to have the front page be ''much'' more dynamic, removing the ancient history from it
*** Discuss what ought to be done about improving richness of web pages
*** Need to reorganize the front page
* Drew recommends...  Bob Niven has a content management system supporting payment via PayPal.  We should arrange to have a copy of this system installed so that we may automate receipt of funds.
** Requires setting up vendor account with PayPal and connecting this to the bank account
** Targeting end of summer
** Followup:  Need to consider what we wish to do with this.
*** Buttons, shirts, ???
** Defer further on CMS to June

=== TLUG Meeting Matters ===

* Speakers for the next few months?
** Should solicit Marcel Gagne; Gord has emailed him about LinuxFest & about meeting...
** Not clear what's up past April
** David Collier Brown looking for contacts on Mozilla project as possible speakers; note Mark Sherman, Exec Director...  Has sent email, but did not get any response.<BR> Colin to follow up on tis.
* Projector
** See if presenter needs one
** Chris bringing projector

== Old Business ==

* Gord volunteered to be liaison re OLF
** Neat idea: doing a "Linux 101" talk - need speaker for this, perhaps Marcel, Evan...
** Gord got around to contacting "101" speakers
* IT360 notes

== New Business ==

* Evan's talk: Should we try to join ICANN?
** Gord and Myles to have a chat with Evan to figure the scope of this
* NewTLUG
** Speaker bailed for this month
** Paul no longer at IBM, affecting availability of IBM meeting place
** NewTLUG @ Seneca seldom gets a fraction of the attendance of the IBM location
** Suggestion: Should suggest North York Centre as an alternative location
** Herb was wishing our meeting wasn't Monday
** Hopefully Colin can have a chat with him....
* Linux and Education
** Drew wishes for this to come in under auspices of GTALUG
** Moved: To accept "Linux and Education" - an informal group trying to improve the state of introductory Linux education in GTA.
** They sometimes need a "legitimate address" for this
** Committee:
*** Maureen Thornton
*** Colin McGregor
*** Jon Alexander
** Gord moved, David seconded, vote was unanimous
}}}