= Executive Meeting - 2009-01-26 =

{{{
#!mediawiki
== Regular Business ==

* Delegation of gtalug.org
** We've got the authinfo - Chris to do a transfer, and change nameservers
* New GTALUG server status?
** Myles sent ssh key to Drew
** Should we consider migrating from MediaWiki to Drupal?
*** Calendaring
*** Discussion lists
** Do we have any objections to the current layout of graphics?
*** Our Tux seems a bit overbusy
*** No issues with colour scheme

=== TLUG Meeting Matters ===

* Speakers for the next few months?
** VM-Ware Contacts
** Amos should ping Joe about a virtualization talk
** Dominic - Rebel Networks
*** Gor. to ask what time would be good.
* Projector
** See if presenter needs one
* February presenter - Richard W. on OpenStreetMap

== New Business ==

* Minimal presence at IT360, evidently trending towards "limit as x approaches zero of x"...
* Any result on Gord's talk with Rebel folk?
** Gord talk to Rebel about Speaker Gifts.
* OLF Bill still in contact with them.
* Gord wants to strict a comity.
** Scot, Bill, and/or Jeff in this comity.
* Ask David P. to email board list for proxy to David CB.
* Richmond Hill thing with Jeff.
* Myles' to install a Ticket Tracker on the new TLUG server.
* Need to do more marketing of our events
* Will sell some buttons to David Patrick

[[Category:Executive_Meetings]]
}}}