= Prep for Upcoming Meetings =

 * Schedule somewhat up to date, and we have talks up to the end of the year.  (Kudos, Myles)
 * LITP is on May Day (Saturday, May 1)

== ICANN update ==

 * Myles' job...  to ask people to fill in a form about board membership
 * Myles made noise that ICANN ought to have an opinion on XXX, and is composing a letter to bring this towards the board
 * Myles on brochure committee; a metadiscussion about how to encourage members to join the NARELO
 * Ties cut with Department of Commerce, but this means they need to have organization
 * Upcoming meeting in Honolulu, as opposed to Kapskasing

== OGLF ==

 * Moving forwards...  Web site nearing deployment.

== Political Advocacy committee ==

 * Committee of Mike...  Rather busy.

 * He brought a folder!

 * Target of discussions: 
  * Copyright
  * Patents
  * Don't want US-style copyright or patents
  * Don't want loss of open protocols
  * ACTA
  * Loss of social contract in copyright, patents, etc
  * Erosion of "fair use"

 * Next goal:
  * Determine what kind of policy should be promoted around GTALUG
  * Do a presentation at a TLUG meeting

= New Biz =

== Calendar/Events ==

 * Desirable to build some infrastructure for having common event lists.

 * Highly desirable to do standards-based stuff; feed an iCal file hither and thither.

 * Serious opportunity...  Toronto User Groups generally don't communicate terribly much.  This, getting away from technology issues, is the opportunity.  Communicating...

 * Part of what we should be doing is:
  * Reaching out politically
  * Reaching out to other open source related groups
  * Providing assistance + social support services using Linux

== Late Members ==

 * Web Server [[BR]]Sending ghost email.
  * Myles will be fixing this.

 * We should have a web page indicating web site maintainer.
 * We should publish a note on the front page announcing the passing of members.
 * Should have an "In Memoriam" section.

 1. Need to have an info@gtalug.org which goes to Drew
 1. Bill Thanis will contact Joe to see if he wishes to update Leah's page
 1. Policy: If we're contacted about a deceased, we should forward the relevant material to tlug-announce

== Web Services ==

 * Where to go vis a vis site, hardware, software

 * Deferring to next month...

== Myles Has A Question ==

 * Myles is now leader of PyGTA.

 * Would like to have classes on topics.

 * May need to attach to the GTALUG corporation...

== Government funding ==
