= Meeting 2010-08-23 =

   * Gord, Bill can't make it

== ICANN Update ==

Gord sent the letter; possibly still being redrafted to add specific issues.

Trademark violation issues - the trouble is that they are trying to duplicate WIPO, which is more than counterproductive.

NARELO should be keeping down on scope creep, and communicate with constituents about ICANN issues, not so much the meta-issues.

== Upcoming Meetings ==

   * September - Colin
   * October - AGM and Fabio
   * November - Renata
   * December: TBD

=== Things to announce at September meeting ===

    * AGM in October
    * MS Tech Days
    * Mention of CIRA
    * Memberships

=== AGM in October ===

   * Should have a presentation on ICANN at AGM
   * Candidates
      * Mike Kallies
      * Myles
   
== OLGF ==

Mailing list has reactivated.

Dead to us.

== PAC ==

Notes from last meeting...

    * Bill lettering his MP regarding positions
    * Plan to present to BQ possibility that DRM might prevent French subtitling
    * Setting up PAC mailing list
    * Thinking up more points
    * Considering drafting material on Net Neutrality