= 2010-05-31 Meeting =

= ICANN Update =

Situation report: meeting very 4 months
 * Next meeting in Brussels
 * Topic of interest: Committee to provide advisory paper to working group to deal with procedures to deal with XXX
 * Draft 4 of guidebook for new New GTLDs
   * Want a central DB of trademarks
   * There is a WIPO DB already
   * Supposedly, generating such a DB was specifically declared out of scope
 * Have a draft of the survey of how to determine how they may determine how to elect a board member from the At Large group (ALAC)
 * Outreach brochure
 * Committees working hard to evading holding a position on XXX

= Upcoming Meeting Planning =

 * Chris bringing talk + projector next week...
 * Some discussion of Dynamic Languages Smackdown
   * Need to time bound each person
   * Need to start with a set of questions to direct to each

= OLGF =

 * Scott to get Myles on the mailing list
 * Scott stopped really following
 * Supposed to start registrations now
 * Penguicon folks are interested in it
 * Contact them...  If no word comes in by July meeting, then our position will be to not provide further assistance.

== Booth Issues ==

 * We should have a handout of what the upcoming meeting or three are to be about.
 * Could we get handout added to the bag?
 * Should see if we can bring the booth equipment so that we at least use the booth ''once'' ... 
 * Should update cards...  Need a pithy slogan.  You are licensed, already!

= Political Advocacy Committee =

 * Curly Notebook not about politics
 * Sent out email soliciting interest
 * Colin & Gord and DCB
 * We have seen in the OSS community that corporations have undue influence on various aspects of copyright and licensing, whereas individuals lack the monied interests to have such kinds of influence.

 * Suggested process
   * Get a list of issues the committee wishes to address
   * Start looking at fora through which to publicize positions
   * Need to consider focusing on effecting change in Ottawa, not on publicity

 * Mailing list to be set up (by Scott) for the discussion.

= Calendaring =

= Web Services =

Email migration to MailMan will happen eventually.

= How to tell people they suck =

 * Possibly harsh...
 * Myles was listening to someone...   Constantly bored...
 * It needs to be sold in a "how to do better" fashion.

