= Bored Meeting 2011-01-24 =

== Attendees == 

Drew Sullivan, Bill Thanis, Jeff Pikul, Gord Chilcott, Mike Kalles, Myles Braithwaithe, Chris Browne, Colin McGregor

== Agenda ==

 * Happy New Year
 * PAC
 * ICANN
 * Upcoming Meetings
 * Projector
 * Conference possibilities
 * Meeting location: Something Else  
 * Things to announce

== Regular Business: Upcoming Meetings ==

 * Discussion of January (SugarCRM) - it was agreed that this had very good discussion; a number of people tended to like it.
 * February - Scott doing Plan 9 
 * March - Sasha Chua - on mobile org-mode
 * April - Not at present...
 * June-August likely to have Dynamic Languages' speakers
 * Meeting cross-pollenation
   * KWLUG
     * Myles wants to head there to do a talk
     * Wants a board member along
   * Gord visiting Ottawa + OCLUG
 * To look for Jim Mercer for war stories talk, or IPv6???

== Political Advocacy Committee ==
 * Discussion of Usage Based Billing
 * Will be sending communication to membership to ask what people have encountered, expectations of effects.
 * TekSavvy has started up lawsuits
 * Imagined to be a money-grab by Bell and Rogers, but difficult to evidence this
 * Should see what's up in Western Canada too
 * Changing things after the fact is mighty difficult; to try to react early enough is pretty vital.
   * Retain permission to run local wifi
   * Commercial uses that haven't anything to do with Netflix
   * Housing developments are running their own little ISPs
 * How difficult is it to remove requirement to use CO from law?
 * How are independents working (e.g. - TeraGo)?
 * Part of the problem is that Right Of Ways is a public monopoly, and in principle, Bell, who holds this, shouldn't be allowed to participate in retail of attached layers.

 * World Wide IPv6 Day
   * Toronto Freenet has some addresses
   * Consumer grade hardware supporting IPv6 is sparse
   * Recent routers pretty much all support IPv6
   * Trouble is whether OSes support it, or require extra configuration

=== ICANN ===
 * North American ICANN meeting March 13-18, San Francisco
  * There will be a NorAm showcase for which they're asking for a GTALUG 1 pager on what wonders we do.
   * Creep aggregation?  :-)
 * Working group with as one concern communication between ICANN and outward arms
  * Adopted wiki package called Confluence
  * For teleconferences, they have adopted Adobe Connects
  * They want to provide more ability to have communications between ICANN and folks like us
  * Plan, for now, is the idea of a Confluence page for each ALS, intended as a conduit between ICANN and the ALS.  Thus, there would be a GTALUG Confluence page.
    * Concern expressed: Anyone from anywhere can essentially comment on anything for any ALS.  No real way to limit the "GTALUG Confluence page" to GTALUG.
    * Not exactly so; Gord and Myles are likely to be the gatekeepers to allow GTALUG folk access to the Confluence page.
    * '''Vote:'''  Be it resolved that the board asks our ICANN liaisons to, as a part of their ICANN liaison involvements, pursue use of an ICANN "ALS" portal ("Confluence") to solicit GTALUG feedback on ICANN business.
      * Motion: Jeff, Second: Mike.  Vote: 4 in favour; none opposed.
  * Adobe Connect is the vehicle for teleconferencing
    * Talking about offering an Adobe Connect room to run ICANN-related discussions at GTALUG.
    * Do we see GTALUG making use of this?
      * If it was a common part of Linux distributions, akin to common, ubiquitous protocols, that might be interesting, as with
        * SMTP/Email
        * IRC
        * Gabber
      * The board cannot support proprietary protocols, as this violates our charter and our community's preferences.
  * ICANN needs people, possibly with a demographic bias contrary to GTALUG's demographic biases.
    * We can't likely help fix their demographic biases.

== PyGTA ==

Soon (next 2 months) needs a new location.

  * Libraries rent space
  * Imperial Tavern could be a bootstrap, with back-room.
  * FreeGeek Toronto

== Projector ==

  * Cheapest seemed around $550
  * High end around $850
  * Drew has a laptop that could be paired with it...
  * Need a bit of "contract drafting foo"
    * Oral agreement...
    * $120 every six months
    * Expectation of availability at meeting every month
    * The projector should remain in the Province of Ontario
  * Perceived as good deal all around...
    * GTALUG gets to keep most of the money saved up, for use in future years.
    * This includes delivery to meetings; try to get that elsewhere at any price...

== Conferences ==

Should discuss next month.

== Things to Announce ==

 * Colin has been updating things on near-front-page
 * Drew suggests a Perl conference upcoming - not YAPC
 * Congratulations to members Maureen & Drew at the arrival of bouncing boy Duncan.

== Outreach ==

 * Want Dan For Mayor to have Linux in it at some point...