= Bored Meeting 2011-03-28 =

== Attendees ==

Drew Sullivan, Jeff Pikul, Seneca Cunningham, Myles Braithwaithe, Chris Browne, Colin McGregor, Gord Chilcott, David Collier Brown, Mike Kalles 

== Agenda ==

 * PAC
 * ICANN
 * Upcoming Meetings
 * Projector
 * Conference possibilities
 * Hackfest
 * Things to announce

== Regular Business: Upcoming Meetings ==

 * April - Scott, on Plan 9, likely?
 * May - Heather Leeson, open source disaster management software - USHAHIDI - http://ushahidi.com/
 * June - guy that does podcasts, on how to do such
 * July - Leah Honeywell - Hacklab items, maybe.
 * June-August likely to have Dynamic Languages' speakers
 * Meeting cross-pollenation
   * KWLUG - mixer in June?
     suggest that people contact them...

== PAC ==
 * Election leads to death of various bills
  * Attempting to generate a "mock law" for computer copyright
  * C52 - Internet Surveillance
  * Better ideas to propose on UBB
 * Meeting with city councillor
  * DCB: Top of list: campaign interested in public dissemination of information
  * Interested in arranging location for NEWTLUG @ libraries as long as we're pro-bono
  * Interested in understanding data he has collected; arranging contacts to help with data analysis
  * Interested in arranging uses of Mel Lastman Square
  * Interested in FreeGeek, arranging use and provision of computers
  * Might know of conference location; encouraging to non-profits.  Fees to cover janitorial services, insurance.
  * Lots of events at Mel Lastman Square, could put up slide/clip advertising us
  * 10 minute presentation on computer-ish topic, @ Mel Lastman Square
 * Policy on sexual harassment?
  * Java community had a "don't be That Guy" thing...
  * Point to Ubuntu-related policy
  * British line:  "Public park: don't be a nuisance"
  * Probably should ratify this around May...
 * How do we do political advocacy at Federal level in view of election?
  * Election is May 8
  * What are the official party positions on
   * Copyright reform
   * UBB
   * Internet freedom/privacy versus "Lawful Access"
   * Do Not Call policy handling
   * Want this available for the April meeting
  * Position of GTALUG to provide to members that may be presented as a press release
 * Mike has a class Tuesdays which will interfere with PAC meetings for a little while

== ICANN ==
 * Next North American meeting in Toronto, next year
 * San Francisco...
  * People were very welcoming
  * Meeting was useful, including informal meetings
 * Frustration voiced were for reason
  * Pathological problem staying on topic
   * People tend to have axes to grind
   * WHOIS fiasco - what's it doing and what should be done.
    * Open meeting was 1hr legal analysis of one paragraph
   * Posterous was suggested as a quick win, others excited about Twitter.
   * Our statement on Adobe Connect went in
    * They can't make us, and we have no reason to want to do so.
    * Some organizations may want to, but Gord said he was directed to tell them that we don't intend to.
    * Told them that our involvement on ALAC depends on them not playing "must use Connect" and such games
    * Our current responsibility relates to domestic elections
 * Work team will recommend (under Gord's suggestion) that a standing committee consist of some ICANN staff and some ALAC people, likely including Gord as chair
  * Committee without name
  * Objective is to watch emerging technologies for ways to communicate better with people outside ICANN
 * Another work group as a showcase for North America
  * Sponsored by Google
  * Visited by Vint Cerf
  * Well run
  * GTALUG appeared and was very visible

== Projecting ==
 * Gentlecritters, start your laptops...
 * Seems good...
 * Contractual Arrangements
   * Cheque twice per year for $120 to Drew
   * Drew provides projector on monthly basis
 * Moved by David Collier Brown
 * Second by Myles
 * Unanimously carried.
 * Suggest that Drew publishes specs

== Conference ==

 * Conference in April: DevHouse Toronto
  * Myles will attend, look for speakers
 * Not much talk about OLGF
 * IT360 is apparently dead
 * http://www.itechsummit.ca/
  * Colin visited it last year; once was StorageWorld
  * April 7, 2011
 * IEEE Women in Engineering coming; listed on web page.

== Hackfest ==
 * Myles would like to start more such
 * Hardware-related: as with Madison Kelly's efforts @ FreeGeek
 * Programming-related
 * The great challenge...
  * Why is this interesting for GTALUG?
  * Why is this a local issue relating to us?
  * Need to have something already well defined that needs resources we can help provide

== Outreach ==

 * informal discussion to take place afterwards
