= Bored Meeting 2011-05-23 =

== Attendees ==

Drew Sullivan, Chris Browne, Colin McGregor, Seneca Cunningham, Jeff Pikul, Gord Chillcott

== Agenda ==
 * PAC
 * ICANN
 * Upcoming Meetings
 * Conference possibilities
 * Things to announce
 * What to do about Board posts

== Upcoming Bad Movie Night ==

 * Lost in Space

== Upcoming Meetings ==
 * June - [http://gtalug.org/wiki/Meetings:2011-06]
 * July TBA 
 * August TBA
 * September TBA
 * Dynamic Languages speakers should be drawn in

== PAC ==

 * David Collier Brown is looking at legislation getting drafted
   * Possible recommendations for copyright bill
   * PAC folk seem to struggle with "we hate this bill"
   * Then they realize what should be sending in recommendations to improve such bills
   * Plan to recommend enhancements
   * Plan to point out places where the bills recommend impractical things
     * Trying to force every ISP to track every action is one of the impractical ones
     * FBI tried to require similar things of domain registrars, which failed
 * Things expected to be quiet at municipal and federal levels in electoral terms
 * Fall provincial election expected
   * Any issues that could apply at the provincial level?
 * Open up dialog with executives' MPs
   * Chris: Jim Karygiannis
   * Seneca: Olivia Chow
   * Jeff: Bryon Wilfert - Richmond Hill
   * Gord: Rathika Sitsabaiesan
   * Drew: Leung Chungsen
   * Colin: Carolyn Bennett

== ICANN ==
 * Things are happening
   * Flak at SF meeting over
     * ALAC should be using particular tools for internal work
     * Policy issues surrounding new GTLDs
       * Document to Government advisory committee
       * Claim that ICANN staff are making policy decisions
 * Board said they won't implement GTLD program yet
   * Will re-examine in Singapore in June
 * US Government got testy
   * Congress moved to judiciary hearings, in 2nd stage
   * Issues surrounding "best practices"
     * ICANN is to be transparent - no closed meetings
     * Support for initiatives is to come from users
   * ICANN hasn't been following these practices, and Congress heard indications of such
   * Verisign holds .COM contract, also .NET
   * .COM contract should have been reopened last year, and Congress indicated it should have gone to public bid
   * .NET should have been reopened too; only was a 2 year contract
   * Complaint that these things are being negotiated "in camera"
 * ALAC is requesting getting updates on what's up
   * GNSO is declining to provide that
 * Things may come to a head in Singapore in June, Dakar in October
 * GTALUG effort
   * Send link to policy paper, soliciting comments

== Wiki Migration ==

 * Drew was able to load his wiki into current MediaWiki
 * Might be able to put pieces together to update style
 * Thanks to Seneca's work

== Upcoming Election ==
 * Seneca, Jeff, Chris are the board members whose terms come up for re-election

== Conference Stuff ==
 * Planning has started for OLGF for fall
 * Combining efforts with the Seneca conference
 * OLGF event at Seneca on the Saturday is the tentative plan

== Things To Announce ==
 * IPv6
   * North America likely runs out of IPv4 addresses Summer 2012
   * Asia runs out likely by September 2011
   * Pursue Jim Mercer as possible speaker on such
   
