= Bored Meeting 2011-02-28 =

== Attendees == 

Drew Sullivan, Gord Chilcott, Mike Kalles, Myles Braithwaithe, Chris Browne, Colin McGregor, David Collier Brown, Scott Sullivan, Jeff Pikul, Seneca Cunningham

== Agenda ==

 * PAC
 * ICANN
 * Upcoming Meetings
 * Projector
 * Conference possibilities - return of OLGF
 * Things to announce
 * Anything to say about Legal Stuff Involving Trials That Are Private?

== Regular Business: Upcoming Meetings ==

 * February - Scott to do Plan 9, alas ill, so April... 
 * March - Sasha Chua - on mobile org-mode
 * April - Scott, on Plan 9, likely?
 * May - Heather Leeson, open source disaster management software - USHAHIDI - http://ushahidi.com/
 * June - guy that does podcasts, on how to do such
 * July - Leah Honeywell - Hacklab items
 * June-August likely to have Dynamic Languages' speakers
 * Meeting cross-pollenation
   * KWLUG
   * Gord visiting Ottawa + OCLUG

== Anything to announce publicly? ==

  * We should be just a leetle careful about the Byron Sonne discussion
  * There is a big, serious publication ban
  * Note it was requested by the defence, so we should discourage any gaming of the rules

== ICANN ==

  * Plan: might be able to publish ICANN material across things like RSS using Posterous
  * Gord suggests forwarding some material to a subset of GTALUG folk
  * Gord & Myles would distill this into a result
  * This was proposed; somewhat positive response.
  * Objective is to get ICANN "in the face" of membership

== Political Advocacy Committee ==

  Colin is circulating a letter he sent to his MP expressing displeasure about usage-based billing.

  New premier of BC is in place, which changes some of the political dynamic.

  Our issues are side-issues beside the upcoming issues likely to be determinants of direction for likely upcoming election.

  "Toronto must have UBB otherwise Edmonton will become the next Toronto."

  James made sure there were minutes last meeting.

  FreeGeek is running LinuxFest - will be soliciting volunteers.

  David heard back from John Filion, councillor for Willowdale, meeting March 6, 8pm, nearby.  PAC to meet with him.

== Conferences ==

  LinuxFest is alive again...   Efforts have already begun in some earnest.

  Suggestion is that we officially state we're here to help.

  Motion: that we offer (nonfinancial) assistance to LinuxFest.

  (Unanimously passed.)

  IT360 was mentioned; to our surprise, it still exists.  Seems mockable.

  FSOSS coming, too, at about the same time.

== Projecting ==

  * Need a bit of "contract drafting foo"
    * Oral agreement...
    * $120 every six months
    * Expectation of availability at meeting every month
    * The projector should remain in the Province of Ontario
    * Option both ways to drop out based on that 6 months notice
    * Specs likely to be...
      * 1500-2000 lumens
      * At least 1024x768
      * Want to have them be usable with netbooks (4:3) and others (16:9)
      * It's of value to Drew to not need to schlep around a big monster
      * At this point, DLP seems to be preferable to LED
    * By virtue of it belonging to Drew, various agency issues go away
    * Plan: Next exec meeting we should have the projector; everyone bring their favorite laptop to verify they all work with it.

== IRC on Heading to GTALUG ==

  Issue of sexual harassment policy...

  PAC should talk about public-facing policy about this, in two pieces:
    * Official policy, to declare
    * Management policy, as to what to do

  Look at Ubuntu code of conduct and such...