= Bored Meeting 2011-06-27 =

== Attendees ==

Drew Sullivan, Chris Browne, Colin McGregor, Gord Chillcott, Dave Collier Brown, Jeff Pikul, Scott Sullivan, Mike Kalles, Seneca Cunningham, Bill Thanis

== Agenda ==
 * Wiki weirdness
 * Upcoming Meetings
 * PAC
 * ICANN
 * Conference possibilities
 * Things to announce
 * What to do about Board posts

== Wiki Weirdness ==
 * Getting heavily spammed of late
 * Need to solve this pretty forthwith
 * The plan at this point: deactivate account creation.  Done.
 * Need to nuke spammy users
   * Anyone on tlug mailing list is kept
   * Anyone with real pages is kept

== Upcoming Meetings ==
 * July - Hopefully Madison Kelly on Clustering... [http://gtalug.org/wiki/Meetings:2011-07]
   * With Myles as backup
 * Aug: Ham Radio and Linux with Stewart C. Russell
 * Sep: This Healthy Geek with Clifford Ilkay
 * Oct: Atomic OS with Scott Elcomb
 * Discussion on list
   * Bitcoin
   * How long since we did a virtualization talk???  KVM talk would be worth hearing - popular with Board crowd
   * Chris very keen on Distributed Filesystems

== PAC ==
 * Dave has been generating some letters to privacy commissioner relating to upcoming legislation
   * Pointed at offering constructive criticism
 * Concept of trying to approach issues from different perspectives to make them palatable to Liberals versus Conservatives
   * Describe a moral problem in a way attractive to a Conservative member; this won't speak to NDP members
   * Need to "grip" them, emotionally, so that they're prepared to listen to the more abstract bits
 * Two letters to privacy commissioner to be considered
   * One that is neutral should be submitted to commissioner, and our local MPs
 * Found May minutes
 * Scott Sullivan wants to be on the non-list

== ICANN ==
 * Just finished Singapore meeting - #44
 * New gTLD program passed by board and others salient
 * Meeting on Monday of conference; committee including Gord proposed protocol
   * Propose support to organizations that cannot afford $185K
   * Working committee including Evan and some GAC folk
 * New chair: Steve Crocker
 * Frustrations: ICANN consists of various silos
 * US Congress subpoenaed various people
   * Vice chair of gTLD organization
   * Minutes of last board meeting
     * All apparently "pal-ly" with ALAC
     * All about cross-constituency working groups (ALAC + GAC)
     * GNSO had been refusing to meet with anyone, but now are apparently trying to appear to be listening publicly
   * Strong relationship between ALAC and US government
 * Things done
   * XXX is "go"
   * New gTLDs are "go"
   * Next thing: Trying to help orgs that couldn't afford $185K
 * Round of gTLDs - Jan to April 2012

== Upcoming Election ==
 * Seneca, Jeff, Chris are the board members whose terms come up for re-election
 * Should start hawking membership in preparation for election

== Conference Stuff ==
 * Planning has started for OLGF for fall
 * Combining efforts with the Seneca conference
 * OLGF event at Seneca on the Saturday is the tentative plan

== Things To Announce ==
 * Damien Conway in early August
 * Wiki had to be locked down; account creation takes place manually, upon request to accounts@gtalug.org.  Announced.