= Bored Meeting 2012-07-23 =

== Attendees ==

Chris Browne, David Collier Brown, Scott Sullivan, Drew Sullivan, Colin MacGregor, Seneca Cunningham, William Park, Mike Kallies, Myles Braithwaithe

== Agenda ==
 * Upcoming Meetings
 * POG
 * Things to announce
 * Systems Stuff

== Upcoming Meetings ==

 * July: Ian Darwin, quite well attended
 * August: Neil Watson, cfengine
 * September: David Tilbrook, bin on /bin
   * On /bin, root use, misuse, unneedfulness
 * October: AGM + Zurich - Dynamic Protocol Stacks in Linux Kernel
 * Lisp User Group looking for space...

=== Slush List ===

 * Myles would like to do a talk on HTML-based apps
 * Raspberry Pi?
   * Pursue Chris Tyler @ Seneca College
   * How do they handle infrastructure for Fedora builds?
 * Router panel
   * Buffer bloat could fit in
   * NTP could fit in...
   * Buffer Bloat - suggested talk by DCB, confirm or deny in January
     * Found a timing issue - research version of the OpenWRT variation is working, but not speaking NAT
 * Byron Sonne?
   * Some interest, he's still figuring out what he's up to
 * Talk on in-memory databases, and such...
 * Desirable talk categories
   * Hardware
   * Languages
   * Databasey

== Systems Stuff ==

 * DNS moved
 * Users to go
 * Next, databases
 * After that, Wiki
 * Maybe [https://github.com/CyberShadow/DFeed DFeed?]

== POG ==
 * Letter to translate to Polish regarding opposition to ACTA
 * We'd like them to forward information regarding some of the Pacific goings-on
 * Some countries making the material pretty public, but not generally ours...
 * Another thing...  Questions on GTALUG mailing list, trying to Blog on this...
   * Stubs of 6-7 articles
     * Data Privacy and Canada/US border
     * Trans Pacific Partnership
     * ACTA and Canada
     * C11 Android and reverse engineering
     * Our Recent Copyright Decisions & Supreme Court of Canada
   * Need a pipeline so that there are regular entries
 * Wondering about Supreme Court decision about Fair Dealing versus Fair Use
 * POG should send out an announcement that they're opening up the blog, but not announce regularly on the TLUG lists.  Having a link to the POG Blog in the monthly GTALUG announcements would be fine.
   * Be It Resolved...    Passed, without objection.

== ICANN ==
 * October meeting in Toronto, meeting #45
   * Everyone invited, it's free
   * Please indicate you are representing GTALUG
 * First time in North America in a while, want a "general assembly"
   * Want to help a bit with the "soiree"
 * Exciting items
   * New CEO
   * Asked to look at online translation tools, somewhat troublesome...
   * A LOT of proposed new TLDs
   * Sessions are all required to be open

== Things To Announce ==
 * AGM in October
   * Gord suggests that in August we explain things, and say, we have 2 positions open, encourage nominations
   * Want to suggest that some people run
 * Soliciting memberships

== To Do ==
 * Update web site to indicate membership more properly
