= Bored Meeting 2012-08-27 =

== Attendees ==

Chris Browne, David Collier Brown, Drew Sullivan, Colin MacGregor, Seneca Cunningham, William Park, Jeff Pikul, Bill Thanis, Myles Braithwaithe

== Agenda ==
 * Upcoming Meetings
 * POG
 * Things to announce
 * Systems Stuff
 * Maily Listy Stuff

== Upcoming Meetings ==

 * August: Neil Watson, cfengine
 * September: David Tilbrook, bin on /bin
   * On /bin, root use, misuse, unneedfulness
 * October: AGM + Zurich - Dynamic Protocol Stacks in Linux Kernel
 * November: Possibly Myles on HTML5?  Possibly cynicism...

=== Slush List ===

 * Myles would like to do a talk on HTML-based apps
 * Raspberry Pi?
   * Pursue Chris Tyler @ Seneca College
   * How do they handle infrastructure for Fedora builds?
 * Router panel
   * Buffer bloat could fit in
   * NTP could fit in...
   * Buffer Bloat - suggested talk by DCB, confirm or deny in January
     * Found a timing issue - research version of the OpenWRT variation is working, but not speaking NAT
   * RADIUS
     * Bill knows this a fair bit
   * Free DNS hosting seems to be dying
     * Freedns.afraid.org
 * Byron Sonne?
   * Some interest, he's still figuring out what he's up to
 * Talk on in-memory databases, and such...
 * Desirable talk categories
   * Hardware
   * Languages
   * Databasey
 * Jim Van Maggel - Asterisk guy
   * Wanted to put together an Asterisk installfest
 * Some interesting ethical questions
   * Video codecs about to go to public domain due to patent expiry
   * Rooting
   * Piracy and such

== Systems Stuff ==
 * DNS moved
 * Users to go
 * Next, databases
 * After that, Wiki
 * Maybe [https://github.com/CyberShadow/DFeed DFeed?]
 * Unlikely much will happen until October

== POG ==
 * Sending letters to MPs that responded to David
 * Some signatures to be tracked down
 * One politician has PM launching process to run for leadership of a certain party
   * Charmed at people sending flowers to European Parliament

== ICANN ==
 * Some pushback happening; some people from Kitchener pushing back
 * October meeting in Toronto, meeting #45
   * Everyone invited, it's free
   * Please indicate you are representing GTALUG

== Things To Announce ==
 * AGM in October
   * Gord suggests that in August we explain things, and say, we have 2 positions open, encourage nominations
   * Want to suggest that some people run
 * Soliciting memberships

== Maily Listy Stuff ==
 * The policy apparently worked
 * Need to be prepared to ban people when needful

== Meeting Space ==
 * Got mean comment from janitorial staff...
 * UU has "official sanction"; we should point to official folk and see about official sanction
   * Alan Rosenthal, Dan Astoorian
 * Rates: [http://osm.utoronto.ca/osm/rmrate.html Room Rates]
 * University & St Andrews Station

== Membership ==
 * Change to policy...  Need to switch from "calendar year-ish" to actually capturing when they join, and change to duration of a year, then that's more apropos
 * Need to table issues for another meeting
