= Bored Meeting 2012-02-27 =

== Attendees ==

Chris Browne, Myles Braithwaith, Gord Chillcott, Scott Sullivan, Bill Thanis, Drew Sullivan, Colin MacGregor

== Agenda ==
 * Upcoming Meetings
 * POG
 * ICANN
 * Things to announce
 * Systems Stuff
 * Training Stuff

== Upcoming Meetings ==

 * Feb: Q&A + questions
 * March: Asterisk
 * April: Scott Elcomb, AtomicOS
 * May: Scott Sullivan on SomeThing?
 * Red Hat guy to Retry - Anthony Green, on virtualization
 * Router panel - plan this to be September
   * Buffer bloat could fit in
   * NTP could fit in...
   * Buffer Bloat - suggested talk by DCB, confirm or deny in January
     * Found a timing issue - research version of the OpenWRT variation is working, but not speaking NAT
 * Perhaps more frequent *intentional* Q&A, or point people to UU?

== Systems Stuff ==
 * Anticipating MailMan in Summer 2012
 * Eventual wiki answer is to head towards one of the static systems

== POG ==
 * POG - Announced! 
 * Consensus: that backpedalling is taking place on bill C-30
   * Suggested: to make sure communications are of a form that will be read by the candidate
   * Implication that government will be required to spend money to subsidize ISPs.
   * Budget was $80M; needs to be a whole lot larger
   * Keep pressure going even though bill is in committee
   * Is the evidence that would come from this of any use in court?
   * How does the data store get kept secure?
   * Everyone running web sites may be deemed to need to do provision of this data?
   * Does this destroy security of my claimed-to-be-physically-secure site?
 * C-11, on Copyright
   * Keep pressure going
 * Mike had some concerns relating to international arrangements with Pacific Rim that might be allayed by some ICANN material
   * Gord to draft something on this...

== ICANN ==
 * ICANN 43 is mid-March
   * At least 3 major work groups have been moribund
   * All getting busy, Gord put his name up for each
   * Proposal to have email address for each ALAC organization
     * Expecting a "gtalug@icann.org" address or something of the sort...
     * Gord would like to make a statement to Tech org on having mail spigot for each org; can we have 3 addresses?
       * Voted: Yes, Gord should ask for a mail address per tech organization
 * Gord will likely be at that meeting, online...
 * Toronto ICANN meeting in October

== Education ==

 * NewTLUG?
   * Need a list of topics we think should be in a "Linux course"
     * Web browsers
     * LibreOffice
     * File manipulation
     * Filesystems
   * Perspectives
     * Linux for new user
     * Linux for Microsoft user
     * Linux for Mac user
     * Linux certification
     * Need to consider users and administrators radically differently
   * Need list of ''audiences'' to determine relevance of topics

  * Colin to determine if this is still going on
  * Chris to respond to Bill's email with commentary on how to ensure this is Linux-relevant.
  * Even if formal program disappears, we should continue on syllabus
  * David Patrick might be able do something...

== Things to Announce ==

Nothing notable.