= Board Meeting 2013-09-23 =

== Attendees ==

Myles Braithwaithe,
Chris Browne,
Gordon Chillcott,
Scott Sullivan,  
William Park,
Ivan Avery Frey, 
David Collier Brown, 
Bill Thanis,
Colin !McGregor,
Drew Sullivan

== Away ==

Mike Kallies,
Jeff Pikul,
Colin Caprusu,
Seneca Cunningham, 

  * Concern: Colin Caprusu has been pretty absent.
    * Questions asked as to what could be done.  Examination of paperwork shows two directions to do something precipitous:
      * Bylaws speak to rather severe events (bankruptcy, mental incompetence, and such) that are certainly not applicable
      * We could take a vote to a meeting of members; requires 2/3 majority to accomplish anything, and that makes the board look somewhat like bozos
    * Observation made that we have few cases where we vitally need board quorum, and have not had difficulty getting quorum
    * Miles to pursue a proxy
    * Points to part of the election process including comment that "successful board members have generally already been involved" and that candidate should be passionate to be involved.

== "Soup" Planning ==

Some new rumbling that there are people that aren't too keen on Spring Roll Go...

 * Spring Roll Go - http://www.springrolls.ca/

 * Colin checking out Love At First Bite
 * Myles to construct a list of nearby options; found here: https://gist.github.com/myles/6685789

== Upcoming Meetings ==

 * October - AGM + Small topics including presentations from each committee
 * November - Madison?
 * December - some ideas, Ozan, Go contact?


== Systems Stuff ==

 * Big Blue Button.  Still running
 * Rack cleanup
   * No real movement
 * Mailing list issues
   * Note there has been some griping surrounding the state of things; apparently DCB email does not make it to the public list.
   * Some noise about Majordomo1 being extremely obsolescent, some commendation of version 2...
   * Scott pursuing this
 * Significant issue: Drew needs to draw back from involvement due to major renovation project over the next year

== Inventory of Social Networking Stuff ==
 * Myles suggest having a PR officer and a committee organized similarly to POG, though likely with only a couple meetings per year
 * To pursue after AGM and new board

== POG ==
 * Hoped to set a board slot for a Ryerson member
   * Need to be careful; this needs not to worsen quorum situation
   * Seems desirable to defer this until after AGM, and once there has been more collaboration with Ryerson students
 * Concluded that it is desirable to rename POG to Community Affairs Group (CAG) as it is getting to be more about interacting with community and a little less about politics
 * Want to print business cards for CAG
   * Planning to redo GTALUG logo for this.  Myles pointed out all images are findable here: http://gtalug.org/mediawiki/images/gtalug-logos/

=== ICANN ===
 * Evan complained that GTALUG hadn't voted, when that wasn't the case
 * Made it public, which was rather angering
 * Gord planning to be visibly annoyed
 * Tech folk continuing apace

== Meeting Space/Plans ==

 * Bigger room
   * Met with Ryerson folk; looked at auditorium downstairs
   * Paperwork underway, expecting change by January
 * Projector - still needs to be brought for now...
   * HDMI adaptor on order
 * Collecting statistics on attendance
   * Should add a wiki page with a table for this

=== Publicity ===

 * Myles seeking to have this be a committee

== Picnic Plans ==

 * We should start working on this in April next year, on Chris' calendar

== Upcoming AGM/Election ==
 * Returning officer: Colin
 * Three positions open:
   * Mike
   * Seneca
   * Scott

== Bylaw Changes ==
 * There is a change to Not-for-profit legislation
 * 3 years to get our bylaws fixed
 * Prez should mention this at AGM as part of his presentation