= Board Meeting 2013-06-24 =

== Attendees ==

Chris Browne, 
Gordon Chillcott,
Scott Sullivan,  
Mike Kallies,
William Park,
Seneca Cunningham, 
Ivan Avery Frey, 
David Collier Brown, 
Bill Thanis,
Colin !McGregor,
Drew Sullivan, 

== Away ==

Myles Braithwaithe,
Colin Caprusu,

== Upcoming Meetings ==

 * Retrospective: June on Router topics
 * July - Myles on recent !JavaScript frameworks
 * August - Madison with clustering Q+A
 * September - Beaglebone, Giles + buddy

== Systems Stuff ==
 * Big Blue Button.  
   * Next trick: need to upgrade/reconfigure to support mobile devices
 * Rack cleanup -> new 1U unit and migrate everything onto it
   * No movement yet, coming soon
   * See May 2013 exec meeting for some notes on mailing list software

== Inventory of Social Networking Stuff ==
 * Tabling for next month
 * Material at [http://gtalug.org/wiki/Social_Network_Groups]
 * Myles will be forwarding some of the templating he does

== POG ==
 * Inquiry came in from board on outsourcing
 * Recent discussions on PRISM/Snowdon
 * To do: research Euro Free Trade agreement, !TransPacific agreement
 * Looking to book space at [http://socialinnovation.ca/ Center for Social Innovation]
 * SLAW looking for help on encryption best practice
   * Best initial thoughts are to
     * Have meetings in house so that encryption is not necessary
     * Tell receptionist to be careful so as to not leak information
     * Email, if necessary, should use PGP.  Mind you, the protocol for doing so is likely challenging to teach...

=== ISOC ===
 * Why seems baffling
 * Bunch of discussion that didn't entirely illuminate this :-)

=== ICANN ===
 * Flame war ongoing
 * Domain hijacking problem involving !GoDaddy
 * Bill & Gord planning to use BBB (Big Blue Button) for POG
 * Would like to invite Trinidadian counterpart to participate via BBB

== Meeting Space/Plans ==

 * Bigger room?
   * Need to continue pursuit; Scott has been busy, and Ryerson folk not super-responsive
   * Trying to keep status quo for now
 * Projector - still needs to be brought for now...
   * Adding HDMI converter is desirable
     * Likely wise for GTALUG to buy such if cheap
     * $200 would not be "cheap" :-)
 * Want to collect statistics on attendance
   * Sure wish we could have had 10 years worth of attendee counts...
   * Plan: Assign someone to do a count at dinner
   * Mike Kalles plans to be responsible to have someone assigned

=== "Soup" Planning ===

 * There have been some "site visits" to alternatives
 * Have been aiming at a better answer for August

=== Publicity ===
 * Torontoist?
 * On campus publicity?