= Board Meeting 2013-11-25 =

== Attendees ==

Myles Braithwaithe,
Chris Browne,
Scott Sullivan,  
William Park,
Ivan Avery Frey, 
Bill Thanis,
Drew Sullivan,
Amos Weatherill
Colin !McGregor,
Gordon Chillcott,
Jeff Pikul,

== Away ==

David Collier Brown, 
Mike Kallies,
Colin Caprusu,
Seneca Cunningham, 

== Location ==

 * Deferring official address changes (Bank, Corporate docs) until/unless there is actually need
 * Boxes to get a "once over", NEXT meeting
   * We should trash trashable things; most of the box contents should be pretty irrelevant

== Upcoming Meetings ==

 * December - solicit from members, "What's exciting you about Linux these days?"
   * Bill handling minuting of materials
   * Myles and Scott handling moderation
 * January - Madison Kelly, Clustering Redux
 * Some time: Achmed (coworker of Bill Thanis) on animation tools, Scott to poke at this
 * Should plan for more multi-talk nights
   * Router talk turned out well
   * Every 4-ish months, seems about right
   * Hopefully that leads to larger attendance
 * Slush ideas
   * Bigcoin - Scott Elcomb
   * Laptop ideas - EFI, GPart, Crouton
   * Docker

== Marketing/PR ==

 * Need to set up cards and posters to assist with publicity, notably at Ryerson
 * Some contact ongoing with CSSU
 * Highly desirable to have a slate of 3 talks for the next quarter that may be used for publicity
 * Need for committee to discuss how to get a hold of people at various schools
   * Want to publish talks on video
     * Streaming live from location
     * YouTube "GTALUG" channel
     * Note legality issue: need signoff from speakers for this to work

== Meeting Space/Plans ==

 * Bigger room
   * No new progress
   * Booking for January has been done
 * Collecting statistics on attendance
   * Should we be careful about the fact that some people are heading out at 8:30 "sharp"?
   * Doing 15 minute intervals?
   * Chris should stow them in a database or something

== Bylaw Changes ==

 * Bill has looked at things
   * Congratulations to all that have been involved
   * We are very nearly compliant with the "new" changes
   * Technically compliant but...   
     * Need for bylaws to be available to members
     * Should add a link to the bylaws to the wiki
 * Please re-discuss this next month
 * Desire to change terms to 2 years

== CAG ==
 * Mess of stuff for CAG to look at
   * C13 - the cyberbullying bill that retreads the old one
   * ICANN @ Buenos Ares
     * Panic over upcoming meetings 
       * Brazil got angry at US, threatened building their own Internet
       * President of Brazil scheduled April multistakeholder meeting to cut off ITU, IGF
       * Apparently Latin America matters more than it used to, due to the split of ICANN into 3 branch offices, most not in US
       * Brazilian goal to internationalize IANA
       * Next June, big summit planned
       * Brazil is the economic power of South America, and flexing about Internet...

== Systems Stuff ==
 * Mailing lists
   * Scott has left Interlink, reducing exposure to it
   * Support for GTALUG is walking out with Scott
 * Need to plan to shift everything out of Interlink
 * Scott's interim plan
   * 1U purchased @ Interlink
   * Virtualizing Gold into there
 * Big Blue Button likely going down
   * Please put it onto a USB stick for Bill/Gord
 * Front page automation is desirable

== Meeting/Christmas Party ==

 * No effective meeting
 * Usually, Drew has held a Christmas party at his place, but renovations mean NOT
 