= Bored Meeting 2013-04-21 =

== Attendees ==

Chris Browne, 
Scott Sullivan,  
Ivan Avery Frey, 
Drew Sullivan, 
David Collier Brown, 
Myles Braithwaithe,
Bill Thanis,
Colin McGregor,
William Park,

=== Away ===

Mike Kalles, 
Colin Caprusu,
Seneca Cunningham, 
Gordon Chillcott

== Agenda ==
 * Upcoming Meetings
 * POG
   * ISOC
   * ICANN
 * Meeting Space
 * Systems Stuff
 * Recruitment

== Upcoming Meetings ==

 * June - Router Mania
   * NTP - Drew
   * Radius - Bill
   * DCB - bufferbloat
   * Dynamic DNS - Chris
 * July - Myles on recent JavaScript frameworks
 * August - Beaglebone is suggested

 * Chris to meter out some of the "slush pile" material with a view to soliciting ideas
    * Did the X11 one
 * Myles talked with RHAT
    * Nobody at RedHat here doing Wayland
    * Redhat Toronto tends to be working on something rather like VMWare Cluster
 * Giles Orr and Daniel Armstrong on ins/outs of Beaglebone Black
 * Ivan looking at retail happenings
   * Companies are offering clouds - data stored out there somewhere
   * OwnCloud
   * git-annex
   * Myles to explore this
 * DCB suggests that he mayn't do software defined networking soon, but perhaps software diagnostics in the fall

== Systems Stuff ==
 * Big Blue Button seems to be working now, testing it out today
 * Rack cleanup -> new 1U unit and migrate everything onto it
 * Mediawiki upgrade is a big deal; the tough part will be dealing with the theme
 * Mailing list issue
   * Starting with moving list to a much much later Majordomo
   * Wanna first install latest-ish Majordomo, and have that be the "muster point" for further action...
   * Mailman not very good at handling management of potentially spammy material, so seems like it's not an option.
   * Need to specify requirements in some detail
   * Note some software known to be used by projects with lot of spam attacks
     * [http://www.animalgenome.org/SmartList/ Smartlist] - used by Debian
     * [http://www.sympa.org/ Sympa]
     * [http://www.mj2.org/ mj2 - Majordomo2] - used by OpenBSD

=== Inventory of Social Networking Stuff ===
 * Material at [http://gtalug.org/wiki/Social_Network_Groups]
 * Somewhat updated
 * Myles will be forwarding some of the templating he does

== POG ==
  * Last meeting was Colin + Mike Kalles
  * Kicking around draft letter to MP regarding TransPacific Partnership
    * Asking what's happening with it
  * Not much more

=== ISOC ===
  * No news
  * GTALUG uninterested in being a chapter for now

=== ICANN ===
  * Another online conferencing system to propose called Lucid that is apparently to be tested
  * Something of a battle about having requirements first (what Gord wants) versus others wanting to present solutions first

== Meeting Space ==
 * Projector access issue
   * Need to bring the projector for the time being
 * Have sent request to arrange a classroom; Scott to follow up on that
 * Administrivia
    * Make sure people don't bring food/drink, should mention this 
 * GSU letter?
 * Panera Bread reaction
   * Quieter
   * Some dislike of food and price
   * Still there for 2 more meetings
   * Better answer for August

== Publicity ==
 * Consider doing more publicity
   * Scott has more time for now, in that talks are in good shape for a few months
 * Ryerson publicity should begin to be...
 * Torontoist might be plausible, if firmly presented in technical fashion
